we must give the audience
what they want
[Music]
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain the last showing this movie
tells the story of a man who traps a
couple in a cinema
he then created the bloodiest game
according to the scenario he had
prepared
can the couple be free from the trap of
his game let's find out in the last
showing
the last showing begins with a couple
martin and ally who are in love
they are often seen making out anywhere
in any time as if they were inseparable
the scene then switches showing an old
man named stuart
stewart is an employee who works in a
movie theater stewart hopes to live his
old age happily but fate said otherwise
in his old age he still has to make a
living by serving movie igors who often
make him sick because of their
indifference to cleanliness and
regulations in the cinema
they love having sex in the auditorium
and throwing their condoms away
carelessly
long story short ali invites her
boyfriend to watch a movie at the cinema
on the nightly schedule ally
deliberately bought tickets at that time
because usually not many movie goers
watch movies in the middle of the night
in addition they can also freely make
out in a quiet auditorium
martin who was able to predict his
girlfriend's wishes immediately welcomed
her invitation
that same night the manager of the
cinema named clive received information
that one of the employees could not work
the night shift due to urgent business
clive looks annoyed but stewart assures
him that he can double up as a food
stand ticket salesman and cinema
projector controller as not many people
will be visiting the cinema in the
middle of the night
clive finally gave him the authority to
handle everything
ali and martin were at the theater a few
minutes before the movie started
clive had greeted them at the entrance
the atmosphere in the cinema was getting
quiet the visitors who had just finished
watching the film on the previous
schedule were seen leaving the cinema
ally then headed for the food stand
but none of the employees were there she
called out into the hallway where the
food stall employees usually gathered
hoping someone would come out of there
stuart finally appeared
he apologized that ally had to wait so
long
stewart then served ali who wanted to
buy popcorn and soda in a very friendly
manner unbeknownst to ali he poured
something into her drink and told her
that the remaining soda wasn't fresh
anymore because it was late
ally drank a little of her soda but she
cancelled it because it didn't taste
good stewart then threw the drink away
ally and martin then entered the
auditorium where the film of their
choice was shown as scheduled
there were no other visitors there apart
from the two of them
meanwhile in the projector room stuart
shows strange behavior when he records
the room of the camcorder clive who is
there warns him and says that cinema
regulations don't allow anyone to shoot
movies in theaters
but stewart says he doesn't care about
the rules and doesn't care about his job
anymore he then attacks clive and stuns
him into unconsciousness
after the incident the loudspeaker in
the auditorium where ali and martin
watched the movie suddenly made a loud
buzzing sound
ali and martin decided to go outside
because they were uncomfortable with the
loud noise
it turned out that stewart had planned
everything even had written down their
actions sequentially on a piece of paper
including their decision to leave the
auditorium
stewart then took all the room keys from
clive's pocket and exchanged them for an
emergency elevator key
ali who was still in a panic suddenly
felt dizzy and nauseous
she then went to the toilet and vomited
stuart who had been in the toilet
secretly recorded ally with a handy cam
after throwing up ally didn't feel any
better but instead felt that her
dizziness was getting worse
she suddenly fell unconscious in the
toilet
stewart then comes out of hiding and
kidnaps her
meanwhile martin has not realized that
his girlfriend has disappeared
the situation became even tenser because
all access in and out of the cinema
building had been closed and the lights
had been turned off there is little
light left in certain places
martin then looked for ally in the
toilet but she was nowhere to be found
martin went back to the lobby of the
cinema because of the lighting they're
still on
suddenly a large monitor screen above
the ticket booth showed the schedule for
the film in the entire auditorium
he was surprised because ali's name was
emblazoned on the film's title column in
the auditorium room number 12.
he rushed to auditorium number 12
because he thought ally was there but
when he got there martin saw footage of
what had happened to ally while in the
toilet
ali is unconscious and is now being held
captive by someone somewhere the show
also shows cctv camera footage when
martin and ali enter the cinema and what
they do while in the cinema all the
shows are packaged so nicely like an
opening scene in a film
stuart is currently making his film with
martin and ali in the lead roles
after all of martin and ali's footage
ended the cinema screen displayed in
order for martin to slam his cell phone
on the floor and smash it until it no
longer worked the screen changed and
showed the seat number where he was
required to go
once there martin finds a gun that only
has one bullet and he must use it wisely
in the projector room clive who started
to wake up was surprised because he was
being held captive by stuart
the old man looked happy while recording
clive's condition with his camera
stewart then threatens him by wrapping a
roll of film tape around his body
as the projector lit up and continued to
roll the film around clive's body
stewart confirmed his threat by draping
the film around his neck almost
strangling him then he cuts the film
tape around clive's neck and tells his
manager that he still has other roles in
the film
in the cinema lobby martin is frustrated
that ali has disappeared and is trapped
in the cinema with a crazy psychopath
he then tries to break the rolling door
but his efforts were in vain in his
frustration martin was startled by the
appearance of clive who came through the
door behind the food stand suddenly
martin immediately pointed his gun at
clive because he thought he was the
psychopath but clive said he was the
manager of this theater and not the
person martin was referring to
of course martin didn't necessarily
believe in clive because he was the only
person in the cinema
even though clive had exposed all of
stuart's crazy deeds and plans martin
still didn't believe him an emotional
martin and a frustrated clive then fight
stewart who was watching their fight
from the projector room seem to be
enjoying himself
martin who can no longer hold his
emotions pushes clive into the popcorn
machine and shoots him dead
stewart looks very satisfied watching
martin kill his manager and again this
was as expected by him like a scenario
in a movie
martin finally realized that clive
wasn't lying but it was too late
stewart then ordered martin to search
clive's trouser pocket and retrieve his
keys and wallet
after that he was told to open the cash
register and scoop up all the cash there
martin was then directed to the
engineering room and he finally found
ali who was still unconscious
martin immediately frees her and
realizes that there is a camera that the
psychopath has used to record ally
martin dropped the camera and
immediately took ali away from there of
course all of martin's actions were
written in stewart script
at a young age stewart turned out to
have pretty good skills in video editing
with state-of-the-art equipment in the
projector room that supports his video
editing capabilities stewart cuts and
splices videos showing all of martin's
actions in the cinema then stitches them
together into scenes in a movie
on the other hand ali finally woke up
but she was still sick and vomited in
the toilet again
martin scolded alley and told her not to
stay long in the toilet
after exiting the restroom ally followed
martin into the lobby but without martin
realizing it clive's wallet fell out of
his pocket and worse ali knew about it
ali then picks up the wallet and is
surprised that martin has another man's
wallet
ali then suspects that martin has robbed
someone the couple had a big fight
martin tried to explain that it was all
an accident but ali told him that she
noticed something odd about her clothes
she then accuses martin of harassing her
while she is unconscious
martin denied it but ali couldn't
believe it because there was no one else
in the cinema besides him
ally then ran to the toilet and locked
herself there
she began to examine her clothes and was
increasingly convinced that martin had
raped her because some of the buttons on
her shirt were undone as well as her bra
straps
ally cried in frustration not expecting
her boyfriend to treat her indecently
outside the toilet door martin tried to
explain everything but ali still
wouldn't listen
stuart who witnessed the bickering
between the two laugh happily he then
spoke through a loud speaker throughout
the theater
he tells a plot twist about martin's
attempt to rape ali when she faints and
kills his manager named clive who tries
to save her unexpectedly ali believed
stewart's words and this made martin
even more inflamed
martin managed to open the door and
trying to calm her but ali pointing a
sharp glass shard at him ally was afraid
that martin would hurt her again
like a hero trying to save ali stewart
suddenly appears behind martin and hits
him in the head with a fire extinguisher
until he passes out
stewart then takes ali to his manager's
office to treat her hand leading from
the broken glass
then stuart began to tell her that he
had worked in this cinema for 25 years
without a promotion or salary increase
because of this stewart is often
belittled by his co-workers and
moviegoers who are often disrespectful
to older people
not long after martin finally woke up
and searched for ally's whereabouts by
following the drops of blood
stewart then takes ali to the
surveillance camera room and shows him
footage of martin's actions in the
cinema while she was unconscious
of course the footage stewart showed had
been edited to make her believe that
martin was the villain all along
after that stuart asks ali to go to the
manager's office and call the police
when ali was in the office stewart told
martin to get keys in clive's shirt
pocket
stewart then turned off the electricity
so that martin had trouble finding the
key but his real plan was for clive's
blood to stick to martin's body and
clothes so that the accusations leveled
against martin as the mastermind behind
clive's murder would be more convincing
a few moments later the police came to
the cinema and trying to break in
the panic martin went straight to the
top floor to save ali
but stewart continues to influence ali
and convinces her that martin wants to
hurt her
therefore ali followed stewart who ran
towards the roof
stuart and ali finally arrived on the
center roof followed by martin who
pointed a gun at stewart
soon the police reached the roof and
pointed their guns at martin
all of that had been predicted by
stewart in his script placing himself as
a hero in his story and trapping
innocent people like martin as the
antagonist
stewart had even predicted that martin
who is still burning with anger would
act rashly for not thinking clearly
despite being warned by the police to
drop his gun martin still showed plans
to shoot stuart until a cop shot his
head and he died instantly
and the screenplay made by stewart
finally ended according to the
director's wishes
in the morning the police managed to
secure the crime scene and evacuate the
bodies of martin and clive
ali still looks utterly shocked at what
happened to her and martin at the cinema
she was still consumed by stewart's
story which had framed martin as a
criminal
ali believes stewart is the hero who
saved her
stewart even received praise from the
police for being able to show his
courage
what a brilliant mastermind as well as
the greatest character actor capable of
fooling everyone
the film ends
[Music]
you